[Update cipher.rb] Access key length by .value.length as getLength is not exposed. (#33)
logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-cipher: CHANGELOG.md

## 4.0.3

>   - [Update cipher.rb] Access key length by .value.length as getLength is not exposed. [#33](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-cipher/pull/33)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fix: Debug statement doesn't use .value fetch key's value [#33](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-cipher/pull/33)
```

>   - [Update cipher.rb] Access key length by .value.length as getLength is not exposed. [#33](https://api.github.com/repos/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-cipher/pulls/33)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Update cipher.rb] Access key length by .value.length as getLength is not exposed. [#33](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-cipher/pull/33)
```
